{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.15063}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\par
12/06/2017\par
* What use of " On Error Resume Next"\par
\tab It allowes the Execution to Continue despite a runtime error.\par
* Language supported by UFT\par
\tab VbScript.   Also support JavaScript and Windows Shell Scripts.\par
*  Technologies Supported by UFT\par
\tab .NET,  WIndows mobile, Web, Web services, Java, Oracle,Stringray 1,  Siebel, People Soft, Delphi, Flex, Power builder, Terminal Emulator,\par
* Set Permission to execute UFT Script from ALM\par
\tab UFT >> Tool  >> OPTION  >> RUN  >> Other HP Product\par
* Purpose of Terminal emulator add-in UFT\par
\tab To Test Mainframe environment application object\par
*Syntax to Open any widnows based application from UFT\par
\tab InvokeApplicatin (" Path of Application ")\par
\tab or\par
\tab SystemUtil.Run(" Path of Application ")\par
* Reusable Function and Action.\par
\tab Function execute as External Library\par
\tab Action calls the same Action with separate datatable\par
* Debug the Programe\par
\tab With Step Commands and Debug viewer.\par
\tab\tab Step Commands ( Step Into,  Step Over  , Step Out )\par
* Comment Script\par
\tab Control + M\par
\tab Control + Shift + M\par
* Execute Single Action in UFT\par
\tab Select Current Action \par
* Which Framework was implemented in your project\par
\tab Key-word driven framework by implementing User Defined Functions.\par
*Extension of Recovery Scenario File\par
\tab .qrs\par
* Smart Identification\par
\tab Identify the Object based on Base filter and Optional filter.\par
* Ordinal Identifier\par
\tab Index,  Location ,  Creation Time.\par
* Mandatory and Assistive properties\par
\tab Properties of an Object configured in Object Indentification.\par
* Action \par
\tab Independent action will not depend on another action.\par
\tab Nested action will depend on Patent action.\par
\tab\tab If parent action properties change it also affect child action.\par
\tab\tab If Patent action called , child action also called automatically.\par
\par
\par
12/03/2017\par
\par
* UFT Extension Script \tab > .mts\tab (mercury test script)\par
* Local Object Repository Extension  >  .mtr  (mercury test repository)\par
* Shared Object Repository Extension  >  .tsr   (test shared repository)\par
* Function Library Extension   >   .vbs  ,    .qfl\par
* Associate Shared Repository through Script\par
\tab Utility Object  >  RepositoryCollection\par
\tab Syntax  :   RepositotyCollection.add " path "\par
* Count Number of Rows in Datatable\par
\tab x = Datatable.GetRowCount\par
\tab msgbox   x   \par
* Associate Library Files to Test\par
\tab 1 )  File >>  Settings  >> Resources  >>  (+) Add Associate Function Library\par
\tab 2 )  ExecuteFile " Path " \par
\tab\par
\par
12/02/2017\par
*Short cut Key for Record\tab > F6\par
* When we use Analog Recording?\par
\tab Record on AUT based on X,Y co ordinats\par
\tab\tab Using Signatures\par
* When we use Low level Recording?\par
\tab When we need exact X,Y coordination. like Hashmaps where clicking different sections of a picture takes you to different links\par
* What are Standard and Custom Objects?\par
\tab Standard Objects are Objects that belongs to all types of Application.\par
\tab Custom Objects are user defined only within the Application.\par
* How to Change Custom Objects to Standard Objects?\par
\tab (1)Define Custom Objects as Virtual Objects.\par
\tab Map Virtual Objects to Standard Objects  >> Tool >> Virtual Object >>Virtual Object Manager.\par
\tab (2) Map Custom Classes to Standard Object Class  >> Tool  >>Object Identification\par
* What is Check Points?\par
\tab Check points are verification point , that compares expected to actual result and provide test result.\par
\tab Standard, Text, Text area, Bitmap, Datatable, Accessiblity, XML, File, Table, Page, Image.\par
* HIdden checkpoints >> Table, Page, Image\par
*Back-end Checkpoints  >> Datatable, XML, File Content.\par
* Web checkpoints  >> Accessiblity, XML,File Content, Table, Page, Image.\par
* How do you validate any Property of Runtime Objects?\par
\tab Standard Chekpoint  or  GetRoProperty\par
\tab Syntax:   Variable  =  Object Type("Object Name").GetRoProperty("Property Name")\par
\tab\tab The above will fetch the property value of an object and will stored in the varible  and if we need to validate that then we need to write a conditional statement(IF..)\par
* How do you fetch property of Test Objects?\par
\tab Using GetToProperty\par
\tab Syntax   Variable  =  Object type("Object Name").GetToProperty("Property Name")\par
* Hoe do you fetch All Properties from Test Object \par
\tab Set  xyz = dialog("Login").winedit("Agent Name").GetToProperties()\par
* How do you check the Availablity of an Object\par
\tab Using Exist Method.\par
* How do you Maximize the Window or Screen or Page?\par
\tab Syntax \tab\tab Object type("Object name").maximize\par
\par
* How do you Open a Window or Screen or Page which is minimized to launch bar?\par
\tab Syntax \tab\tab Object type("Object Name").restore\par
* How do you move a Window, Screen or Page?\par
\tab Syntax \tab\tab Object type("Object Name").move x,y\par
* How do you get the Count of Items in a List or a Combo box?\par
\tab Using GetItemsCount\par
\tab Syntax \tab\tab Variable = Object type ("Object Name").GetItemsCount\par
* Run-time Object\par
\tab Run-time object are Object available on AUT(Application Under Test)\par
*Test Object\par
\tab Stored representative of the  Actual Objects of an application.\par
* How do you add Objects to Object Repository?\par
\tab Resources  >> Object Repository  >>  Add Object to Reposiroty (+)\par
\tab Active Screen  >> Rt click on Object >> Select view/add Object\par
* How do you add Objects to Object Repository when Application is not available?\par
\tab Resources  >> Object Repository  >> Object  >> Define New Test Object \par
* How do you convert a Normal action into Re-usable action?\par
\tab By default every action is Re-usable\par
\tab\tab Test name Pane >> Rt click on Action >> Action Properties  >> Re-usable\par
* How do you convert Local Object to Re-usable Object?\par
\tab Resources  >> Object Repository >> File >> Export Local Objects\par
* File Extension of Shared Repository\par
\tab >tsr\par
* How do you associate Shared Object Repository to an Action?\par
\tab Test Name Pane >> Action >> Rt Click >> Action Properties\par
\tab Associated Repository >> Add \par
* How many action you can create in a Test?\par
\tab Any Number of Actions can be created in a single Test.\par
* What are the Action Properties and Test Properties\par
\tab Action properties are the properties of current action only.\par
\tab Test properties belonging to total action properties in the current test.\par
* What are the Methods associated with Action in reusing the Actions?\par
\tab Call to Copy Action.\par
\tab Call to Existing Action.\par
* Difference between Sub-routine and Funtion\par
\tab Sub-routine does not return value where as Function return values.\par
* Difference between ByRef and ByVal\par
\tab by Default Function is ByRef\par
\tab When an Argument accept a Variable\par
\tab\tab ByVal  >> The Value of Variables does not Change\par
\tab\tab ByRef  >> The Value of Variables Change\par
* Option Explicit\par
\tab All Variables are must explicitly declare in Dim or ReDim statements.\par
 \tab Uses of any undeclare variable causes unexpected errors at compile time.\par
* Error Handling\par
\tab Using Option Explicit Statement\par
\tab Using Built-in Function.\par
\tab Using Exit Statement.\par
\tab Using On Error Resume Next.\par
\tab Using Conditional Statement\par
\tab Recovery Scenarios.\par
* Run Modes in UFT\par
\tab Normal, Analog, Low Level, Insight.\par
* File extension of Bitmap Checkpoint\par
\tab\tab >    .bmp  or .png \par
* Edit Object in Share Object Repository\par
\tab\tab Resources >> Object Repository Manager\par
\tab\tab >> File >> Enable Editing.\par
\tab\par
\tab\par
\par
12/01/2017\par
* Advantages of Automation\par
\tab Repeatable, Reusable,Reliable, Compatable\par
* When do you Choose/Option Automation?\par
\tab If Application is Complex\par
\tab Frequent changes in the Requirement or enhancement in the Application.\par
\tab When there is Lot of Retesting.\par
\tab When we verify Compatiblity.\par
\par
11/30/2017\par
*Different methodologies in Agile\par
\tab Extreme Programming, Scrum, Crystal, DSDM(Dynamic System Development Model),ASD(Adaptive Software Development), Feature Driven Development.\par
\par
\par
11/24/2017\par
* What is Primary Key?\par
\tab Column or Columns name that has completely unique value throught the table. Primary key of a relational database identifies each record of the table. All the value of the Primary key should be Unique and Not Null.\par
\tab A Table can contain only one Primary Keys\par
\par
\tab How to define Primary key\par
\tab > PRIMARY KEY (ColumnName) ;\par
\tab > PRIMARY KEY (ColumnName1, ColumnName2) ;\par
\tab > ColumnName  IINTEGER  NOT NULL  PRIMARY KEY ;\par
* How do you add a Column to a Table?\par
\tab ALTER  TABLE  table_name\par
\tab ADD column_name datatype; \par
* What is Foreign Keys?\par
\tab Foreign Key is a Key used to link Table together.\par
\tab Foreign Key of one table refer to the Primary key to other table.\par
\tab Table containing Foreign table called child table.\par
\par
11/22/2017\par
* Web Services\par
\tab Web Services are  Web components that transfer data between client and server.\par
\tab\tab Any Service that is available on Internet or Intranet or VPN(Virtual Private \tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Network)\par
\tab\tab A Services that uses Standard XML message format.\par
\tab\tab A Service which Platform Independent as well as not restricted to particular\par
\tab\tab Operating System or Programming Language.\par
\tab\tab A Service which can be discovered by simple find mechanism over WWW \tab\tab\tab which is a URL\par
\tab\tab A Service capable of exchanging information via HTTP or HTTPS protocol over \tab\tab\tab WWW\par
\tab Web Services Component\par
\tab\tab >    SOAP\tab Simple Object  Access Protocol\par
\tab\tab >   WSDL\tab Web Services Description Language\par
\tab\tab >   UDDI\tab\tab Universal Description Discovery and Integration\par
\tab\tab >   RDF\tab\tab Resource Description Framwork.\par
\par
\par
11/21/2017\par
*Why do you choose QA Testing?\par
\tab I love the Challenges\par
\tab\tab Sometimes the challenge is long hours,sometimes its just Tedious \tab\tab\tab\tab reputation,and  often it's just the challenge of learning a new system and \tab\tab\tab hunting down the variables necessary to cause an error\par
\tab I like to break things.\par
\tab Never the same day twice, never boring\par
\tab\tab Testing is an ever changing field. From day to day our job are rarely the same.\par
\tab\tab We test different application using different browser,utilizing different user\par
\tab\tab roles,and varied path of system.\par
\tab Breaking software is much easier then fixing it.\par
\tab Job security\par
\tab Job you can do anywhere in the world, Onsite or Remote\par
* What is Database?\par
\tab Systemetic collection of Data. Where Data can be stored, extracted and manipulated,\par
* When you write Test Case what level you write them?\par
\tab I write them so detailed that anyone can understand them even without any domain knowledge.\par
* Difference between Join and Union\par
\tab Union combile Rows \par
\tab Join combile Columns\par
* Why you use Unix?\par
\tab To check Error logs,Move files, Delete files, Modify files.\par
* What is Test Plan?\par
\tab A detailed documen that describe Test Strategy, Test Objective,Resources,Test Scehedule, Test Estimation,and Deliverables.\par
\par
11/20/2017\par
* How do you decide when you tested enough\par
\par
11/19/2017\par
* Exhaustive Testing is a Test Aproach with all possible input and precondition.\par
\tab It is not possible/Impractical (Time,Budget consideration)\par
\par
* Test Objectives\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab Tools\par
Functional and Regression Testing\tab\tab UFT, SELENIUM, \par
Performance Testing\tab\tab\tab\tab Load Runner\par
Bug Reporting\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab ALM,Bugzilla, Jira\par
Test Management Tool\tab\tab\tab\tab HP Quality Center,\par
* Tell me about Yourself\par
* Explain SDLC Process.\par
* How do you Join the Table\par
* Who is a Good Tester \par
* What kind of methodology you have used\par
* Databases? \par
* How do you assign a Defect\par
* Tell me about Use Case\par
\tab Details about Specific Functionality.\par
\tab How a user uses a Sustem to accomplish a Sepecific Goal.\par
\tab Three elements:  Actors\par
\tab\tab\tab   System\par
\tab\tab\tab   Goals\par
\tab It is widely used in developing test in System or Acceptance level.\par
\tab How to write?\par
\tab\tab Description, Actors, Priority, Pre-Condition,Flow of Events.Post Condition, \par
* What do you include in a Test Case\par
\tab Test Case ID, Module/Test Case Name, Description,Test Scenario,Precondition,\par
\tab Dependency,\par
* What do you include in a Test Plan\par
\tab Scope of Project, Feature to be tested, Feature not to be Tested,Resource allocation, \par
\tab Time allocation, Risk analysis, Entry criteria, Exit criteria, Roles and Responsiblity.\par
* What kind of statement do you write to validate Data.\par
\tab DML(Data Manipulation Language).\par
* What is FRD\par
\tab Functional Requirement Document.\par
* What is Functional Testing\par
* What is Negative Testing?\par
\tab Negative Testing is Validating the application against Invalid Data.\par
* What is Smoke Testing?\par
\tab Checking the Vital parts of Software.\par
\tab Also called "Build verification Testing". It comprises with a sets of non exhaustive testing to ensure major function of the software is working.\par
\tab The result of this test is used to decide whether the Build is Stable enough to proceed for further testing.\par
* What do you mean by Good Requirement\par
\tab A Good requirement is well(detail) written. or that is written in basic term that anyone can understand that.\par
\tab Clear( Concise,Small),Varifiable(Testable),Understable,Feasible(Realistic,Possible)\par
* Does your company follow any Testing Standard?\par
\tab Yes, such as : 2-3 second on Performance test ...going to one page to another(web?)\par
* What do you mean by Different Browser Testing\par
\tab Test the application on different type of Browser like IE, Chrome, Firefox to see if the application works properly on all the browsers.\par
* After detect an Issue how long you take to add that issue in the bug tracking tool?\par
\tab 5-7 minutes.\par
* Do you use any tool for Load Testing?\par
\tab Load Runner.\par
* You have a table with Firstname, Lastname,Address, Zip code, Salary. Write a Statement to find out who is making highest salary?\par
\tab Select Max(Salary) from tablename\par
\tab\par
\par
11/16/2017\par
UFT\par
Descriptive Programming \par
\tab 2 way\par
\tab 1> Entering Property abd Value directly ibto Statements\par
\tab 2> Using Description Object\par
* Two script engines can interpret VBScript\par
\tab VBScript.dll invoke by asp.dll  used in Web Environment\par
\tab Wscript.exe & Cscript in Windows GUI environment\par
* In VBScript all Variables are of " Variant " that can store any type of value.\par
\tab Name of Variable must begin with a letter and within 255 characters.\par
*QTP Environmental Variables\par
\tab Built-In, User Defined (Internal, External)\par
\tab Built-In > Local host name, OS, OSVersion, UserName\tab ProductDir,ProductName,TestDir,TestName \par
\tab User Defined External from outside of test.\par
\par
\par
\par
18/11/2017\par
* Can Smart Identification can be used in Descriptive Programming?\par
\tab NO. Smart Identification works with Object Repository\par
\tab DP works with direct Input Property/Values\par
*Open write on Notepad\par
\ul *FSO(File System Objects)\ulnone\par
\tab Create Folder,Copy Folder, Delete Folder\par
\tab Create Text Files, Read Data, Write Data, Compare Data\par
\tab Search Operations\par
How to perform Automatic File System Operations\par
\tab Only for Flat File(Notepad).\par
\tab  For External  operation (Open/Close/Delete)for Word/Excell only.\par
\tab\tab to Read/Write in word and Excell use excell/word application.\par
\tab Using VbScript FileSystemObject we can perform automatic File System Operation.\par
\tab Syntax :\par
\tab\tab Set  Variable = CreateObject("Class Value")\par
\tab\tab Set  -\tab VbScript Statement\par
\tab\tab CreateObject  -\tab\tab VbScript Built-in Function\par
\tab\tab Set variable = CreateObject ("Scripting.FileSystemObjects")  \par
\tab\tab\tab\tab Not Case Sensitive\par
* FSO \tab > High Level Operation\par
\tab Low Level Operation\par
\tab High Level Operation > Create, Copy, Delete\par
\tab Low level Operation > Read, Write \par
\tab\tab 1> Read > Character by Character\par
\tab\tab\tab Line by Line\par
\tab\tab\tab Read all\par
\tab\tab 2> Write > Continous\par
\tab\tab\tab Line by Line \par
\tab\tab\tab Append (Add @ end of the line)\par
\tab\tab 3> Comparison\par
\tab\tab\tab by Size (* High Level)\par
\tab\tab\tab by Text\par
\tab\tab\tab by Binary Values\par
\tab\tab 4> Search Operations\par
* Using FileSystemObject we can perform High level Operation\par
   Using TextStream Object we can perform Text related Operations.\par
\tab TextStream Object is Sub object of FSO\par
\tab First Create FSO then TextStream Object \par
Set objFso = Createobject("Scripting.FileSystemObject")\par
Set mytxt = objFso.CreateTextFile ("FilePath", File Mode)\par
Set mytxt = objFso.OpenTextFile ("FilePath", File Mode)\par
\tab File Mode for Text Files\par
\tab\tab 1 for Read  (Default)\par
\tab\tab 2 for Write\par
\tab\tab 8 for Append\par
**Conversion Functions\par
\tab cint() Convert  from String to a variant of subtype  Integer\par
\tab cdbl() From String to Double Value\par
\tab cdate () From Vakid Date& Time to variant subtype Date\par
\tab cbool() From String to Boolean\par
\tab cstr() From Integer to String\par
\tab ccur() From Expression to Currency\par
\tab cbyte() From an Expression to Byte\par
Validate Data\par
\tab IsNumeric()\par
\tab Isempty()\par
\tab Isarray()\par
\tab Isobject()\par
* Count the Number of Browsers.\par
*Count no of Links\par
* "C:\\Users\\Mike\\Documents\\UFT\\Unified Functional Testing\\MSI\\HPE\\Unified Functional Testing\\samples\\Flights Application\\FlightsGUI.exe"\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 